java c
Data   Science   and   Machine   Learning   in   Finance   (ACCFIN   5246)
Practice   Quiz
This   practice   quiz   provides   a   guidance,   in   terms   of structure   and   contents,   surrounding   the formal   quiz   on   4   Feb   which   will   run   via   the   course   Moodle   page   under   section   indicated   as In-Course   Exam      (ACCFIN52461C)
General   Instruction
—    Answer   all   questions.
—    This   is   an   individual   assessment.
—    The   quiz   comprises   12   multiple   choice   questions.
—    Select   only   one   option.   Each   part   carries   an   equal   weight.   There   is   no   negative   mark.
—    The   computational   questions   are   designed   so   that   a   calculator   is   generally   not   required,   however,   you   can   use   a   calculator   to   carry   out   computations.
—      The   composition   of   questions, relating   to   statistical   computations, qualitative   questions   based on   the   reading   list   and   empirical   facts,   etc.    may   vary   in   terms   of   the   number   of   questions   appearing   in   the   actual   quiz.


Multiple   Choice   QuestionsQuestion      1          Consider   two   investment   assets   X      and   Y.      The   observed   asset   returns   generated by   X   exhibit   low   volatility   and   observed   to   be   either   +1%   and   -1%,   whereas   observed   returns generated   by   Y    have   been   outperforming   but   with   a   higher   volatility   and   equal   to    +2%   and   +5%.   Furthermore, the following table provides   pairwise   information   for   the   aforementioned   asset   returns:
Table   1:   Each   tabulated   value   associated   with   X   and Y   are financial   returns   in percentage points.    Assume   the   table   characterises   the   population.
The   standard   deviation   of each   asset   return   associated   with   X   and   Y   ,   respectively,   are   (rounded to   two   decimal   points):
(a)      1.50   and   0.87   [x]
(b)      1.50   and   1.00
(c)      1.73   and   0.87
(d)      1.73   and   1.00
Question      2       With      reference   to      Table      (1)   in   Question      (1),   what   is   the   conditional   probability P(X   = +5|Y   =   -1)?
(a)    0
(b)    3/1 [x]
(c)    2/1
(d)    4/3
(e)      1
Question      3         With   reference   to   Table   (1)   in   Question   (1),   the   median   returns   associated   with assets   X   and   Y   ,   respectively,   are:
(a)      2   and   -1
(b)    2   and   +1
(c)      3.5   and   -1   [x]
(d)    3.5   and   +1
Question   4       A   specification   model   is   described   as   yi =   β0 + β1 exp(zi)/xi    + ϵi.      Specify   the   model either   as   linear   or   nonlinear,   and   further   as   identified   or   not   identified:(a)      Linear,   identified   [x](b)      Linear,   not   identified(c)      Nonlinear,   identified
(d)      Nonlinear,   not   identified



Question   5            Consider a firm-level dataset providing three characteristics:   EBITDA, cash holding   and   the   total   assets,   described   across   columns   by   a   3   × 3   matrix   x   (each   row   corresponds   to   firms   1,   2,   3):
Determine   the   column   rank   of the   dataset   summarised   by   matrix   X:
(a)    0
(b)      1
(c)      2   [x]
(d)      3
(e)    4Question   6            Suppose   the   number   of   outstanding   shares   of   company   A   held   by   three   investors代 写Data Science and Machine Learning in Finance (ACCFIN 5246) Practice QuizC/C++
代做程序编程语言 are   summarised   by   vector   q   =   (45, 55,   65)′   ,   where   each   element   corresponds   to   investors   1,   2,   3,   respectively.      Each   investor   purchased   their   shares   at   a   different   point   in   time   according   to   the prevailing   prices   summarised   by   p   =   (£100, £110, £105)′   .    What   is   the   firm’s   shareholder   value formulated   by   the   following   inner   product   q′   .p   if each   element   in   p   also   corresponds   respectively   to   investors   1,   2,   3?
(a)    £15,125
(b)    £17,375   [x]
(c)    £20,225
(d)    £25,500Question    7         Returns   generated   by   company   RA      are   tabulated   alongside   treasury   returns   RG   . The   Sharpe   ratio   is   formulated   as      where   σ(x)   is   the   standard   deviation   of   the argument   value   x.
What   is   the   Sharpe   ratio   of   returns   described   for   company   A   according   to   the   table   above   (assume the   table   represents   the   population   information):
(a)      2.35
(b)    2.45   [x]
(c)      2.55
(d)    2.65
(e)      2.75


Question   8          What   is   the   correlation   coefficient   summarising   the   co-movement   between   companies   A   and   B   asset   returns   when   the   table   below   represents   the   population   data:

(a)    −1
(b)      −2/1 [x]
(c)    0
(d)    +2/1
(e)    +1Question   9         A   comprehensive   financial   dataset   including   200,000   observations   covering   the   UK companies   is   split   into   two   groups   G1      and   G2      each   including   5,000,    195,000   firms,   respectively   and   according   to   an   ascending   cash   to   total   assets   ratio   benchmark   (G1   :   low   cash   to   total   assets   and   G2   :    high   cash   to   total   assets).    It   is   desired   to   learn   if   firms   with   lower   cash   to   total   assets ratios   underperform,   in   terms   of   their   average   interest   coverage   ratios   (ICR,   where   higher   ICR   corresponds   to   better   performance),   relative   to   the   remaining   firms.    Propose   how   you   formulate   this   argument   in   terms   of   a   testable   null   hypothesis   (H0   ) versus   an   alternative   hypothesis   (Ha   ),   as-   suming   that   the   performance   associated   with   high   cash   to   total   assets   group   ICR2    is   representative of the   population   information.
(a)      H0    : ICR1    = ICR2    vs.   Ha      : ICR1    ≠   ICR2
(b)      H0    : ICR1    ≥ ICR2    vs.    Ha      : ICR1    < ICR2       [x]
(c)      H0    : ICR1    ≠   ICR2    vs.   Ha      : ICR1    = ICR2
(d)      H0    : ICR1    ≤ ICR2    vs.   Ha      :   ICR1    >   ICR2Question   10         According to   “’Financial   Constraints, Investment,   and the Value of   Cash   Holding’   by   Dennis   and   Sibilkov      (2009),   what   are   the   four   approaches   to   quantify   the   level   of   financial constraints?
(a)      Annual   payout   ratio,   Firm   size,   Debt   rating,   Paper   rating   [x]
(b)      Annual   payout   ratio,   Firm   location,   Debt   overhang,   Paper   rating
(c)      Annual   payout   ratio,   Firm   industry,   Debt   rating,   liquid   assets
(d)      Annual   dividend   policy,   year,   Debt   rating,   Paper   rating
Questions   11-12            Similar   computational   or   qualitative   questions   from   the   reading   list.





         
加QQ：99515681  WX：codinghelp  Email: 99515681@qq.com
